---
title: 'Nextflow Training Tuesdays!'
dateTime: '2024-10-08T16:00'
image:
  src: '/photos/women_scientist.jpg'
  alt: Female Scientist
location: ['SEAS - Harvard in Allston, in room 2.122 conference room']

tags: ['nextflow']
---

Hello Nextflow!

**Getting started** with workflows for bioinformatics in 4 sessions of 2 hours each on **Oct 8, Oct 15, Nov 5, Nov 12 at 4pm**. It will be located at **SEAS - Harvard in Allston, in room 2.122 conference room**. This event is **in-person**, for people identified as women. We may offer an online option as observer, if you are interested in that option, fill this [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScvhQvqoKvQLYLh4In84G-tVrcoz8GTSc6Lzm8mJPP6NNkbqw/viewform).

Nextflow is a powerful and flexible open-source workflow management system that simplifies the development, execution, and scalability of data-driven computational pipelines. It's widely used in bioinformatics and other scientific fields to automate complex analyses, making it easier to manage and reproduce large-scale data workflows.
This is a foundational course for those who are completely new to Nextflow. It aims to equip participants with skills in two key areas: Nextflow language proficiency and command-line interface (CLI) execution.

Participants will be guided through hands-on, goal-oriented exercises that will allow them to develop the following skills:

- Use core components of the Nextflow language to construct simple multi-step workflows effectively.
- Launch Nextflow workflows locally, navigate output directories to access results, interpret log outputs for insights into workflow execution, and troubleshoot basic issues that may arise during workflow execution.

By focusing on these essential skills, participants will be well-prepared to harness the power of Nextflow for their scientific computing needs.

**Target audience**
This is a workshop for people who are completely new to Nextflow. Basic familiarity with the command line, and common bioinformatics file formats is assumed.

**Prerequisites**

- A GitHub account
- Experience with command line

**Before the workshop**
Follow the Gitpod setup instructions at [https://training.nextflow.io/envsetup/](https://training.nextflow.io/envsetup/)
