---
title: 'BWIB & BCBB Joint Lightning Talk Event'
dateTime: '2025-04-10T18:00-04:00'
image:
  src: '/photos/lighteningTalksApril2025.avif'
  alt: WIB Logo
location: ['Microsoft New England Research & Development (NERD) Center']
url: 'https://www.meetup.com/boston-area-womens-bioinformatics/events/306662320/?utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=share-btn_savedevents_share_modal&utm_source=link'
imgpos: 'object-center'
tags: ['lightning', 'bcbb']
---

BWIB & BCBB Joint Lightning Talk Event

Date: Thursday, April 10, 2025

Time: 6:00 PM – 8:00 PM

Location: Microsoft New England Research & Development (NERD) Center

We’re excited to announce a joint lightning talk event with the Boston Computational Biology and Bioinformatics (BCBB) meetup group!

Lightning Talk Submissions are CLOSED now!

Submission decisions will be announced on April 1st.

📢📢📢 VERY IMPORTANT -- The Microsoft NERD Center requires that we give them a list with attendees' FULL NAMES. So please update your meetup profile to make sure it lists your full first and last name.

Also arrive 10-15 minutes early to allow for time to go through security.

Looking forward to an evening of insightful talks and networking!

– BWIB & BCBB Organizers

Our sponsor for this event is Collaborative Drug Discovery -- thank you for making this event happen!

Collaborative Drug Discovery (CDD) provides an intuitive software suite extensively used by creative biologists and chemists working in academic, biotechnology and pharmaceutical settings. Their flagship product, CDD Vault, enables researchers to intuitively organize and analyze both biological and chemical data, and to collaborate with partners through a straightforward web interface. CDD helps scientists register entities, track inventory, manage assay data, capture experiments, calculate Structure-Activity Relationships (SAR), and mine their data for drug candidates. CDD was founded in 2004 and presently serves thousands of researchers doing drug discovery all around the world. Learn more at www.collaborativedrug.com

Code of Conduct

This lunch event is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. We do not tolerate harassment in any form. Anyone violating these rules may be sanctioned or banned from attending at the discretion of the conference organizers. Please contact the organizers through meet-up messaging/Slack, if you feel someone has broken the code of conduct.

Original source and credit:

http://2012.jsconf.us/#/about & The Ada Initiative
